Update documentation (#782)
wso2/docs-choreo-dev: en/docs/get-started/tutorials/create-your-first-event-triggered-integration.md

# Create Your First Event-Triggered Integration

> Event-triggered integrations can help automate business processes and reduce manual work. Choreo allows you toeffortlessly create and manage event-triggered integrations, eliminating the need for a complicated infrastructure setup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Event-triggered integrations can help automate business processes and reduce manual work. Choreo allows you to effortlessly create and manage event-triggered integrations, eliminating the need for a complicated infrastructure setup.
```

Author: fixed

## Step 2: Deploy

Before you deploy the component, you must follow the steps given below to assign appropriate RabbitMQ credentials to the environment variables:

1. In the **Deploy** view, go to the **Build Area** card, and then click **Configure & Deploy**.
2. In the **Configure & Deploy** pane, add the environment variables as key-value pairs. You must use the values you obtain from your RabbitMQ instance as the values for the following keys: 

    | **Key**    |
    |------------|
    | HOSTNAME   | 
    | USERNAME   |
    | PASSWORD   | 
    | VHOST      | 

> 3. Click **Deploy**. 

Reviewer: Might have to try out and see whether the change in the order of steps is correct. From what I recall it was necessary to do the steps in the DevOps profile before clicking Deploy.

Author: Verified with the team, the order is fine as the above is given as an alternative path.
